applications: nrf_desktop: Enable dongle peer erase in Fast Pair config (#10565)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

> * The :ref:`nrf_desktop_dfu` automatically enables 8-bit write block size emulation (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SOC_FLASH_NRF_EMULATE_ONE_BYTE_WRITE_ACCESS`) to ensure that update images with sizes unaligned to word size can be successfully stored in the internal FLASH.
>   The feature is not enabled if the MCUboot bootloader is used and the secondary slot is placed in an external FLASH (when :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PM_EXTERNAL_FLASH_MCUBOOT_SECONDARY` is enabled).
> * In the Fast Pair configurations, the bond erase operation is enabled for the dongle peer to let user change the bonded Bluetooth Central.

Reviewer: Added updated, since we have 2 entries.
```suggestion
* Updated:

  * The :ref:`nrf_desktop_dfu` automatically enables 8-bit write block size emulation (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SOC_FLASH_NRF_EMULATE_ONE_BYTE_WRITE_ACCESS`) to ensure that update images with sizes unaligned to word size can be successfully stored in the internal FLASH.
    The feature is not enabled if the MCUboot bootloader is used and the secondary slot is placed in an external FLASH (when :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PM_EXTERNAL_FLASH_MCUBOOT_SECONDARY` is enabled).
  * In the Fast Pair configurations, the bond erase operation is enabled for the dongle peer, which will let you change the bonded Bluetooth Central.
```
